a man is brutally attacked shot in his
spine and ends up in a wheelchair
his friend implants him a chip that
allows him to walk again but he doesn't
tell him that we'll gain superpowers as
well
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2018 sci-fi
action titled upgrade
get ready for some spoilers take a seat
and enjoy
gray trace and his wife asha live in a
futuristic house where virtually
everything is controlled by technology
in a story that takes place in the far
future he works as a mechanic while she
is employed by a technology firm known
as cobalt gray transports asha to an
undisclosed location in order to meet
with his client iran keen
iran demonstrates to gray and asha a new
extremely sophisticated computer chip
known as stem which has the potential to
be groundbreaking in the fields of
science and medical research
gray and asha attempt to have a sexual
encounter while driving home since their
vehicle drives itself
it seems that the vehicle has been
hacked so it makes a detour through
gray's former neighborhood on the way
back to the home
two people are seriously wounded when
their vehicle crashes near a junkyard
four thugs commanded by fisk dragged
them away from the scene
gray is being beaten down by the thugs
as fist shoots asha before another goon
shoots grey in the spine they abandon
them while grey attempts to communicate
with asha who is slowly dying
gray is now a quadriplegic as a result
of the accident he spends a significant
amount of time at his home recovering
while his mother pamela attempts to
assist him in adjusting gray also meets
detective cortez who is working on the
case against the thugs who injured him
and murdered asha gray and cortez become
fast friends
despite the fact that the police are
working with surveillance video from
drones that were flying above during the
murder they have received no leads as to
who the perpetrators are gray is
subsequently contacted by euron who
offers him the opportunity to regain his
ability to walk in case if gray agrees
to let him implant stem in his back
gray is adamantly opposed to the plan
until euron points him that asha would
have wanted him to walk again gray
follows through with the operation even
signing a non-disclosure agreement to
guarantee that he would not reveal the
existence of stem to anyone else
as it turns out he regains his motor
abilities and is able to walk once again
he returns to his house without
informing pamela about the breakthrough
gray soon begins to hear a voice
speaking directly to him
stem turns out to be the culprit in the
beginning gray is terrified but stem
quickly reassures him by being calm and
eager to help
stem accesses the drone video from the
murder which reveals grey more
concentrated pictures of the
perpetrators than their surroundings
gray learns the fist shot asha using a
pistol and planet in his hand which he
had concealed in his glove
stem tells grey that the video he has
seen via stem will not be sufficient
proof to bring the thugs to justice gray
attempts to contact cortes but stem
stops him
stem is then able to track down the
whereabouts of one of the thugs called
cirque by recognizing a tattoo on his
wrist
gray tracks down cirque's home and
infiltrates it he is instructed by stem
to examine the messages on cirque's
computer table which include many
allusions to a pub in gray's former
neighborhood known as old bones cirque
then comes back to his house where he
easily locates grey he begins to assault
grey until he gives stem permission to
take complete control
gray is able to avoid cirque strikes and
hit him with pinpoint accuracy in return
then circ gets a knife and makes an
attempt to stab gray but gray snatches
the knife and slices cirque's head from
his lips to his ears thus murdering him
gray throws up after understanding that
he has just murdered a person
stem then assists grey in cleaning up
the murder scene in order to erase any
trace of his presence
euron meets with gray after keeping an
eye on stem's whereabouts he is aware
that gray was responsible for cirque's
death but gray claims that he never
indicated that stem could communicate
with him
gray is ordered not to pursue anybody
else
after cirque's corpse is examined at the
mortuary cortez examines more drone
video captured by the camera
she notices grey passing by in his
wheelchair
despite the fact that she pays him a
visit to ask questions about what he was
doing there gray fabricates a narrative
in order to avoid being arrested despite
the fact that being handicapped is an
acceptable alibi
gray makes a surprise visit to old bones
he then addresses the whole bar asking
if anybody who was involved in his
wife's death will come forward
one guy called tolen comes forward and
confesses that he was present gray is
wheeled into a back room where tolan and
a couple of other thugs attempt to hurt
him but stem intervenes and enables grey
to be living crap out of them he ties
tollen to the ground and starts
torturing him with a knife until he
uncovers the identity of fisk
in the meanwhile stem informs grey about
iran's attempted manual shutdown of the
computer system which would leave grey
immobile once again
he provides gray with a location where
he may contact a hacker called jamie who
would be able to reboot him fisk arrives
at the pub hours later after grace fled
and discovers tolin's corpse he sees
gray reciting the location stem told him
using memory video from a camera in
tollen's eye
fisk then confronts the bartender about
tollen's death the bartender takes out a
pistol but fisk just sneezes and sends
out tiny microbots that go up the
bartender's nose and slowly kill him
from the inside out gray locates the
hacker's residence as his motor
functions begin to deteriorate
jamie successfully reboots grey by using
a code that stem instructed grey to
write on his arm
jamie and her hacking pals escape before
stem can reboot after seeing fisk and
his friend jeffries appear on the
security cameras
gray is discovered by fisk and jeffries
and stem reappears
gray battles the two criminals which
leads to a pursuit in which jeffrey's
attempts to kill gray with his gun hand
only for grey to grasp his wrist and
blow his brains out pamela watches grey
going back to his house
he tells her the truth but requests that
she keep it hidden
cortez then arrives to the home to
inquire more about his wheelchair which
she discovered outside old bones
gray invents a new tail claiming that he
was out attempting to be a hero when he
was attacked by a man who took his
wheelchair
gray tries to locate fisk after cortes
has left only to discover that cortes is
following him in her vehicle he manages
to escape cortez after forcing another
vehicle to smash into hers during a
pursuit
gray tracks down fisk at his residence
and engages him in combat fisk explains
that he was paid to ambush grey and that
asha was just there as a bonus gray was
the only one who was targeted and asha
was simply a bonus
the two of them continue their
conversation and great discover cirque
was fisk's brother
he brags how he killed cirque and fisk
becomes enraged
the two get into some serious fight and
grey manages to kill fisk as he grabs
fisk's phone he receives a message from
the person who instructed him to go for
grey in the first place
it was his friend iran grey rushes to
iran's lab to confront him thinking that
he attempted to have gray disabled only
for the purpose of testing stem on
someone else
cortez arrives and tells grey to throw
the pistol away iron admits that he was
not involved in the murder plan but that
it was always stem who was in charge of
him
gray knocks out cortez and stabs himself
in his arm to prevent himself from
hurting anybody else the iran now
explains what actually happened after
growing in intelligence stem desired his
own body so he tricked iran into
orchestrating everything to get gray's
body including hacking gray's vehicle in
order to cause the accident that
resulted in his spine injury but stem
gains complete control of his body and
mind and stabs iron in the skull as a
result
in the meanwhile while cortez is
unconscious he draws a pistol and points
it at her
stem is destroyed when bray declares
that he is in command and shoots himself
in the neck as a sign of victory grey
awakens in a hospital bed with a sore
throat to his astonishment he discovers
asha waiting for him delighted that he
has awoken
as a consequence of the automobile
accident he seems to have awoken from
his coma according to reports
this on the other hand is not the case
as a result of gray's mental breakdown
it has become possible for stem to fully
control his body and mind leaving grey
trapped in a dream world in which he may
be with asha once again
stem kills cortez with a single shot
after showing his authority over the
situation and leaves the place
thank you for watching
if you want to see more make sure to
subscribe and turn on notifications
see you later